In this way, you can localize some fifths, which will
develop.
And, in fact, one moment, what I was interested in.
I had a camera -up -score on my side.
That's why the guys also called me.
For them, there were other conditions, other sounds.
There was a thing called the fifth one.
And the second one was already made by the camera
-up -score.
And they also made a diameter that allowed to measure
the level of radiation at the distance.
And I think that it also helped a lot.
People were still falling down.
Well, it's true.
Even, let's say, I, the guys, have already eaten and
drank the first drink in the summer.
That is, about 3 -4 months later.
Then we already had such an episode.
As I said in Laflin,
we already built a sarcophagus.
Inside, this is what the reaction is.
Here, the walls are closed.
There, everything is already cleaned.
The territory is cleaned.
The level of the level remains.
And then one of our theorists told me the idea.
And she didn't come to the head.
In fact, the radiation is already...
The walls are not going down.
It went up.
And, as I said, the radiation considered that it went
up and down.
In fact, this atmosphere, and the scale of the other,
the radiation was reflected in the atmosphere and it looks
like a fountain.
Well, from the roof it goes to the fountain.
I didn't come to the head because it comes back.
It comes back.
And this fountain...
Well, it's not big, but it was still created.
They couldn't understand.
We clean it, but it stays in place.
And then we checked this hypothesis.
In fact, this is really the same thing.
And then they cleaned it.
And then we went up and down.
And I said to Laflin, I was very afraid of
this.
I said to him,
to give him a solution to the energy of one
megawatt, to turn back.
Absolutely, the radiation went down.
He turned back.
It was such a thing.
Well, it's just...
And it's not even a small amount of my work.
Well, then all the way it was necessary.
Yes, yes, yes.
So, it's such a matter.
So, that's all.
What did you come back to the stage of the
9th?
Well, you see, there are some moments in these.
And the first, of course, I was a fan of
Pavlovsky.
And then they told me that there would be some
brands, some French, and so on.
It was the default of the 9th and 8th, right?
At that point?
No, even before that.
I was already thinking that...
Well, there are some elements.
The set of life, as they say.
We were not limited to resources for research.
I didn't say anything.
But I mean that for research, for equipment, we were
able to...
In Soviet times.
Yes, yes.
We wanted to get everything.
When I said that there would be French brands, there
would be...
There would be some brands.
How can we develop science?
I don't think so.
The more I do, the more I do.
That's why I was already afraid of such optimism.
I was interested in science, and I was interested in
it.
Because...
I think that science is a very interesting thing.
What science is, what science is, what science is.
And the fact that it is a real thing, is
that it is a real state.
That's right.
That's why I had to get it.
I was a little bit afraid of it.
It's a little bit about your monetary ideology.
Well, in short,
when I was thinking about it,
I was at the moment when I was also...
When I was in Kazakhstan, I had to move all
my money, close to the police station.
Yes, yes.
And the guys told me about it.
That's why I was talking about...
Even there, I mean, radio action more.
And I, as always, say the truth...
We were waiting for it.
We were not politizing about some cases.
They were not telling us about it.
They was saying about the gimzavot, about Iglesias, they were
telling us about the radio action.
And they were asking for it.
I was interested in moving.
And then we came back to the station.
And then I came back to the station,
and then I went to some enterprises.
I went to the first station in Polygon, the first
one in Zimpolyatinsky.
And then I got to a
program called Leader of Oblast, development, which was initiated by
Fondre Kvedor, the lead program, and we
listened to all these lectures about climate change, about all
these things, and so on, and so on, and so
on, and she was so you know, you know, such
a lucky family, one of them was in Thailand,
one of them was in Zibab,
then this one in Kostorik, on which I just didn't
go, and some in Moscow already went through, that is,
through the middle, so they were, it was the team,
you know, throughout the entire world,
especially from the group of the Chinese team, it was
the USSR team, India,
that is, this is about seven -eighth country of the
world, to participate in Pakistan, then it turned out, that
is, it was a powerful, launched program to turn the
country into a sustainable development.
And I listened to the elections, well, and then I
was surprised, that's all, because everything I did was right,
I was surprised,
I was surprised, nothing was discussed there, and then
when I started to say, here we are, the person
must cover the needs, it is such a boom
-shall, it is the beginning of the 1990s,
and then I, I think it is a woman, I
think it is a woman, it is not like you,
it is like this, it happened to us, I say,
well, I say,
it is clear that the honor of the people wants
to cover, well, look, as you, in your own countries,
develop your population, that they must cover the needs, how
do we explain it, what they have to do is
to live better, know better, by the way, here is
the summer of the 11th, after two months, I lived
in Yponsk, and I will remember well that they have
asked me not to use the engineer, but because this
is what happened, and this is the Yponsk law of
service,
the state recommends it, everything, in general, they did not
use it, yes, yes, yes, it happened in Potyp, it
is also a summer, well, it is good to remember
the summer,
every morning, well, this is such a snowy consumption, in
Yponsk, after all, the Gaulski people have changed, in my
opinion, it is such a big problem, well, it is
especially Yponsk national, I think, yes, of course, when did
I go to work, yes, and I said, well, you
see, Yponsk could, and here, as you say, Americans, you
give, yes, I do not listen to it, Europeans somehow
could interest me, I see, in my opinion, the Americans,
yes, there is a huge loss, yes, yes, yes, yes,
and do not think, they decide on the other side,
that is, therefore,
I have this lector, as it is, as it is,
and began to talk, talk, then I was surprised, the
difference between these technology and humanitarian,
for me, this was a shock, because you used to
look at these things, but they were brought to question,
here is the answer, and this is engaged in the
essence, yes, yes, three minutes, and they have a question
for 10 minutes, I answered 15 minutes,
I could not accept it, how can it be so
long to answer some kind of question, but then I
already understood that these were, and there were with us,
there are strange things, I realized that they were trying
to solve them, practically, that is, this is what they
have written, this is a protocol,
you want to know the question,
just the introduction, this is the answer at
the end, yes, yes, yes,
if you tell the story, yes, yes, yes, yes, that
is, well, it is physics, mathematics, science, in principle, and
they even have science, so they are, and I think
it is shocking that in this difference, by the way,
when the Americans tell them, they are also just, they
do not speak so much, they are fast, fast, fast,
and this is a characteristic for the most, maybe for
the British too, it is also very characteristic, interesting,
and here are 10 years before the end of the
war, not all this, yes, yes, I came to me,
so they offered me to do this topic, it was
not a problem,
I left a focal point to take the climate, that
is, all the questions that are associated with it, it
was an international question, and I went to the conference
to take the climate, that is, I decided to understand
what is happening, which is a conversation,
there, who dominates, and what is still there, in fact,
to stand between,
but in fact, it is very politicized, and there,
although the idea is taken further and scientists, in fact,
and then it came into such a conversation for the
process of diplomacy, after that, the Kyiv Protocol, there,
and so on, somewhere in 2009, we ratified the Kyiv
Protocol, and I just did not read it, that all
my task was done, but it turned out to be,
yes, 10 years later, this is the idea, yes, I
did, I did, this is the idea,
we were ratified, although there is a meeting, there is
a very politicized thing, and there, as a state, it
was difficult, this is how the Kyiv Protocol is formed,
it is a conversation about the fact that countries are
taking on the basis of the massacres of the elections,
and there it was already marked by the legal and
basic elections, which many countries have been afraid of, that
is, the states, for example, regularly changed the position,
they come to the democracy, they, as if,
they come from the republic, they change everything, they still
offer it, no, no, no, no, no, no, there is
a constant
rattle with me, yes, they will talk about it, you
talk about it, and we will not worry about it,
it seems to me, such a talk, therefore,
I think that I finished the climate is still changing,
and so on, and so on, and so on, and
then they offered to participate in a good project for
the university, and I have connected them with the government,
excellent, one of the questions is that we listen to
parents who want their children or
teachers for physics, well, let's focus on the parents and
the students, maybe there, middle school, right at the age
of 12, when you have a logical thought, it is
interesting, it is already interesting, if you have knowledge, you
can bring, for example, a task for physics, which, in
such a state of mind, young young age,
maybe in love with physics or you are interested in
it, what do you have to do with your head
first,
well,
for those who do not know that physics in general
or even went to school, or maybe you went to,
in general, it is not interesting at all, yes, that
is, this is exactly the same character, it is a
task of an Olympian for me, when all the time,
so it was such a thing, she remembered you somehow,
yes, the earth rotates around the sun,
and here it is, there is a known period, everything
is here, yes,
and for example, here it stopped,